There are many important birthdays
during one's life.
Your first. then ten. double digits.
Thirteen. obviously.
Fifteen or sixteen.
depending on your heritage.
and then the big one-eight.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
How was your body scrub?
My almost-adult skin is feeling
as soft as a newborn baby.
Now. is your glow from your facial
or because things between you and Juliana
are heating back up
after the fashion show?
The facial.
Honestly. I would die of happiness
if we could be more than friends.
But after the way I hurt her last year.
she would have to make the first move.
What about you and Min Ho?
I don't know.
Even if he wanted to make it work.
how could it if I'm going to NYU?
Anyway. you still haven't RSVP'd
to my birthday party invite.
Yeah. about that…
There's no way you're not coming
to my 18th birthday party.
I know. I'm sorry.
I already promised Yisoo
I would house-sit on Saturday.
But I have an entire itinerary
laid out in my journal.
I even found
the perfect party dress. Look.
- Camellia pink.
- Mm.
Why camellia?
It was my mom's favorite flower.
Birthdays always make me think of her.
I think she'd like that
I'm celebrating with the friends
who helped me become the person I am.
You are definitely one of those friends.
Oh. Kitty.
I still can't go.
- Yuri!
- Shh!
I'm sorry.
Okay. well. Yuri's dead to me.
Kidding. But come on. it's my birthday.
Oh. Dae. I'm so glad you're here.
I think that my birthday invite
got lost in your spam folder.
You'll be there. right?
I wish I could.
but I have a thing at my dad's restaurant.
- Yep.
- Oh.
- But I only turn 18 once.
- Sorry.
Should I have sent out
save the dates? Ooh!
Ah. ah. ah! Those are for Jin.
Mm. You're trying to butter him up.
Make him feel batter
by showing how much you knead him.
- That was cute. I like that.
- Thank you.
I've been leaving him treats and gifts
to show him I care.
Hm. Well. I think a demonstration of love
beats a declaration of love any day.
Look at you
with your soon-to-be-adult wisdom.
- Speaking of…
- So. Kitty…
- I have some bad news.
- No.
- I don't think I'm gonna be able to…
- …make it to your--
- No!
You are coming to my birthday party.
I can't.
I… I have a thing for track.
It's a… It's a track thing. So…
- Hm.
- Please stop looking at me like that.
First Yuri blows off my party.
and then Dae. and now you?
Oh my God.
Are you throwing me a surprise party?
No one's ever thrown me one before!
Maybe that's because you're
always in everyone's business. Kitty.
What's the ruse?
Where? What should I wear?
- There's this dress that--
- I've said too much.
And don't go digging
for information. okay?
You're gonna have to wait
and see what we have planned.
Me. wait and see?
Yeah. tall order.
But fine. I'll play along.
NYU. here I come!
Kitty. you have so much to celebrate.
NYU. your 18th birthday.
Sorry to miss your party.
Yeah. we have a thing
across town on Saturday. so…
Where across town?
Hongdae? Jamsil?
Oh God. look at the time.
- Is this a dressy thing you're going to?
- Help.
Or is it more--
- Hey.
- Hi.
I hope you got my birthday invite.
And I hope it wasn't weird
that I sent it to you.
No. I… I'm glad you did.
But I can't make it.
Oh. I get it. I mean. everyone's busy.
Yes. I actually decided to go visit
my mom in LA for winter break.
And meet up with a few music contacts.
That's great.
I'm… really excited for you.
See you later.
All right. mate.
When are you gonna fess up
and tell her you want her back?
I was going to. all right?
At the fashion show.
But then she got the email from NYU.
So?
So now it doesn't matter.
Her future is mapped out. literally.
She's happy.
And I'm not about to ruin that.
I think a "congratulations" are in order.
don't you?
Honestly. I didn't see this coming.
Jiwon literally cried when she found out.
Kitty. you told him?
- Well. I suppose you're disappointed.
- Why would I be?
Alex. no. this is not--
- NYU is perfectly respectable.
- I'm happy Jiwon's pregnant.
Wait.
What?
Okay. I've been seeing Miss Ahn
since the summer.
We're in love.
And I'm gonna be a dad.
- You two are practically kids yourselves.
- We're older than you were.
I'm sorry. I… I didn't mean that.
I'm gonna let you two talk.
Look.
I don't know if I'm ready.
But what I do know
is that I'm gonna be there.
I hope you know…
if I'd had any idea about you.
I would have dropped everything
to be in your life.
Everything.
I'm glad you get this chance
to be the father I wasn't.
Be there for all the important firsts.
Well. I was hoping that
maybe we could
share those firsts together.
Grandfather.
- It's Bora.
- What. what? What?
She said Kitty called our restaurant
and used a fake voice
to ask if we had a birthday party
booked on Saturday night.
This morning I "accidentally" left
a sky-diving brochure
in the girls' common room.
Ah.
Dae. thank you for helping me
catch up on my studies.
I might actually get into uni.
I'd do anything for you. Eunice.
Like be my date
for Kitty's surprise party?
I thought you'd never ask.
Hey. are you okay? Is something wrong?
You texted 911!
I meant SOS911. the girl group.
Soo-jin called me.
They got into a huge fight with your dad.
Sounds like him. but…
I told the girls
everything you did for me.
Now they want you to be their new manager.
You do this. your dad's gonna have
to hold himself from fainting.
It would be fun to mess with his head.
but you and I are just getting started
with our music stuff.
I still haven't told my dad
I'm not pursuing engineering.
Just because my career is over
doesn't mean yours should be too.
Happy birthday. dear Kitty
Happy birthday to you
Anyone figured out
what you're supposed to do
when people sing "Happy Birthday"?
If you wish away my heartburn.
I'll name our baby after you.
I'm so glad we got the chance
to celebrate before your big day.
And I'm so glad that Professor Lee
took the news about the baby well.
He's super happy for us.
but teachers aren't allowed to date.
so one of us might need to leave KISS.
- Actually?
- If it comes to it… I'll quit.
Right now. Jiwon and I
are just focusing on what's important.
The baby.
Look at that poor woman over there.
She's been rocking her baby
this entire time
and she hasn't had one bite of food.
How am I supposed to do this?
I don't know anything
about being a mother.
No. you're going to be great.
You know you could talk to somebody
who does know about being a mother.
My halmoni would disown me if she knew.
Professor Lee is a tough cookie.
and he came around.
Maybe Imo-Halmoni will too.
Please. Jiwon. can I call her?
If you like my peanut butter cookies.
you'll love these.
You don't have to keep bringing me treats.
But thanks.
Sorry. I have a lot going on right now.
Are you working on your uni apps?
Lee told me my chances aren't great
now that I'm not a track star
and my résumé's basically blank.
I wish there was something I could do.
Well. maybe Kitty's party
will be a good distraction?
You're still coming. right?
Yeah. I can't wait to see
the look on her face.
Who's this?
This is Alex. we work together.
You've got this.
He's going to be my baby's father.
Grandma…
I'm pregnant.
What?
Oh my God!
Are you trying
to send me out of this world?
You're just determined. aren't you?
Just determined.
I thought you wanted
to go to Seoul for work.
If you were just going
to meet a man and start a family.
you could have stayed in Bukjeon!
I just wanted
to find someone I loved on my own.
Is that so wrong?
Oh. I see.
You don't need me anymore!
Grandma…
I need you more than ever now.
We're both matchmakers.
They're a perfect couple!
Alex will take care of Jiwon.
just like you always have.
Ah. Oh.
Oh my. you speak so well.
You're all grown up.
I really
love Jiwon.
And I would really love for us all
to become a family.
What a handsome chin.
Okay.
Ugh. I hate being in the dark.
But I guess I'm pretty flattered
that my friends are trying so hard
to throw me off the scent.
And it's actually working.
Just hang in there a little longer. Kitty.
Hello.
Happy birthday. Kitty.
Thank you. You're up early.
My boss just emailed.
and she loves the book.
Of course she does. Wait. that's amazing.
So I have that dedication page.
like. on lock. right?
'Cause that would be
a pretty sick birthday present.
If I ever get published.
I'm gonna dedicate the first book to Mom.
But you get the sequel.
Yes. I've edged out Margot.
I'm so proud of you. sister.
Thank you.
Oh. um. that reminds me.
Uh. Peter says hi.
Wait. what?
- Peter and I have some news.
- What is it?
Obviously there's things we have
to figure out.
but we are gonna make it work.
Love is worth the risk. right?
This is the best news ever.
I love you so much.
I hope you have an amazing birthday.
And I'll talk to you soon.
Love you too. Bye.
Call it a matchmaker's intuition.
but I knew Peter and Lara Jean
would find their way back to each other.
even if they had to go the long way.
Best gift ever.
Okay. how about…
Okay. pretty good. I think we could sell
it a bit more if we added some shock.
Like. almost dead.
I'm sorry that I couldn't be more chill
about my surprise party.
I just thought that
if I knew what I was going into.
I could let go of the one
that I wrote in my Sunset List.
It's not like you haven't crossed off
a bunch of other things. right?
Yeah. but none of them
really went the way I imagined.
Like. when I pictured talking
to Imo-Halmoni in Korean.
I never thought I'd be hard-selling Alex
as Jiwon's baby daddy.
Or when I defined
my relationship with Min Ho.
I never thought
we would do that just to break up.
I know you're bummed.
but tonight's not about him.
It's about you.
You're right.
And thank you for whatever
diabolical plan you have in store for me.
Sleeping on my own. what a crime
Losin' self-control every time…
Happy birthday!
This is incredible!
Wait. so all of the clues. they were lies?
More like misdirections.
Well… you gave us no choice.
You came.
We all decided
the only way to surprise you is
to keep you guessing.
It's called a Kittytini!
- My very own mocktail! Thank you.
- Uh-huh.
Are these camellias?
Min Ho brought them in.
Now go change.
- My dress?
- Mm-hmm.
Thank you!
Thank you. everybody.
This is amazing.
Yo.
Good job keeping Kitty in the dark.
Right? That girl's like
a human lie detector.
Hey. so. are you still planning on
interning for your dad next semester?
No.
I mean. don't get me wrong.
I would look delectable in pinstripes.
but I'd much rather just enjoy
my last semester of high school.
Why?
I might need a favor.
Wanna take me for a ride
Do you got more than meets the eye?
But. baby. come and take a seat
Need you to inspire me
I'm only giving you one try
Ready. set. go
So hot. like summertime
I can make you melt
One look. you're hypnotized
Baby. I can tell
I'm running through your mind
So catch me if you can
Text me. though they miss me
They can't kiss me
XO. XO. XO. XO
- Okay. time for gifts!
- Yay!
- Happy birthday. Kitty.
- Thank you.
A lock?
Because we first met at Namsan Tower.
and I hope our friendship lasts forever.
Aww.
- I love it.
- Okay. mine.
So I'm launching my new line with
the dress you wore at the fashion show.
and this label's gonna be on it.
Yuri!
Mm.
Aww. cupcakes!
It's to remember the first night we met.
when you absolutely demolished
that cupcake tower.
And because you're the sweetest
and messiest person I know.
Was the point of these gifts
to make me cry?
Well. we each wanted to get you something
to show how much you mean to us.
Yeah. it was Min Ho's idea.
That's so thoughtful.
Thank you. guys.
When people keep repeating
That you'll never fall in love
When everybody keeps retreating
But you can't seem to get enough
Let my love open the door
To your heart
Damn.
Future CEO Jin really works.
Thanks.
If only it were that easy.
Well… do you have any plans.
Thursday. 4:00 p.m.?
- Q. stop.
- It's not a date.
It's an interview with Marius's dad
for an internship next semester.
His company has a branch in Seoul.
- I don't want to owe Marius anything.
- You won't.
Look. Marius really wants
to make things right with you.
And…
So do I.
I've actually been reaching out to a few
companies owned by former KISS alums.
so while I appreciate the help…
I want to do this on my own.
Of course.
Jin. I only did this because…
I love you.
And I know
there's nothing I can say to prove it.
But maybe I can show you.
And I'll keep showing you. however long
it takes for you to believe me.
Part of me wants to make you grovel.
Like. forever.
But…
I love you too.
I want to trust you again.
Especially since we only have
one semester left together.
"Together?"
Still wondering how we got here
With every mess we made
But all of it still means nothing…
If I can't take your breath away
What are you doing up here?
Just thinking about
how crazy this year's been.
All the changes. and…
It's been quite the journey.
Well. I'm really impressed
with how far you've come.
And…
I'm glad you're getting a second chance.
I also really love this song.
But I think it would be better
if you danced with me.
I would love to.
Your eyes are like weapons
Your lips could teach lessons
Don't use them so reckless
'Cause for you. I'm helpless
You gotta take caution
You know that I'm all in
The chance of me falling
You know that it's often
But if you don't wanna stay…
So…
How does it feel to be 18?
I feel very wise.
Well. would wise old Covey
like to dance?
You're starting up a wildfire
In my head
Hope it's what you meant…
So let me get this straight.
The themed gifts were your idea.
And the camellias.
And here. I totally bought your lie
about going to LA for winter break.
Kitty. I wasn't lying.
I did have a ticket booked to LA.
But I decided
I'd rather be here.
Can I ask you something?
Yeah.
When you applied early decision to NYU.
how did you know
it was the right call for you?
Oh. um…
Well. I kind of fell in love with it
this summer.
And I really love my life in Seoul.
but when we weren't together.
it gave me a chance
to really think about what I want.
- Mm.
- For myself.
And I realized it was NYU.
So I decided to just go for it.
Why?
SOS911 is firing my dad.
They want me to be their manager.
Min Ho. that's huge!
Yes. but I'd have to miss
quite a bit of school next term.
Well. are you gonna take the job?
Honestly. I'm not sure.
What do you think I should do?
Happy birthday. Covey.
I'm not a person
that lets go of control easily.
I like taking the wheel.
and I like knowing where I'm going.
But I learned something
on my 18th birthday.
If you're surrounded by
the people you love.
you can always trust them
to get you exactly where you need to go.
Thank you!
All the city's sleeping
Every street light's calling out…
As quickly as it came.
the semester's over.
I'm halfway to graduation.
halfway to goodbye.
I had so many expectations
coming into my senior year.
I even wrote them all down in a list.
I wanted it to be perfect.
It wasn't.
It was… messy.
Sometimes it hurt.
But it was beautiful.
and I wouldn't change a thing.
Even the surprises.
There may even be more to come.
and I'm okay with that.
Oh. when the lighthouse fires
Feel a world away
Then you just have to remember
That the dark won't last forever
I'm always yours
It's good!
It turned out really well.
Thanks for helping me.
I told my dad I'm pursuing music.
Really?
What'd he say?
He said he spent his whole life
working at a job he hated
and doesn't want that for me.
He would be proud of me
if I spent my life doing what I love.
That's all I ever wanted
to hear from my dad.
He'll come around.
Maybe he will. maybe he won't.
I keep thinking about
what Kitty said to me…
About what I really want for myself.
I've been too focused on
what others expect of me.
Maybe I want to pursue something I love.
Gotta go.
Good luck!
Hey. is Kitty here?
She already left for break.
You just missed her.
But she's taking the subway
to the airport. so you can catch her.
- Right. subway.
- Yeah.
Which subway?
Oh God.
- What? I've never taken one before.
- Never?
Here. take my T-card.
It's the airport line
out of Seoul Station.
Welcome to how the other half lives.
- Great. thank you. Thank you!
- Go. go. go! Bye!
See you next semester!
Good luck!
We've been running circles
Round and doing figure eights
Worried. I was stressing about you
You've been on my brain
I need you to let me know
If you feel the same 'cause I
I
Recognize that we might be
Running out of time
But in your eyes. I've always known
When something isn't right…
Kitty!
So before we say XO. goodbye
Let me tell you why
The sun doesn't rise without you
The more I hold the night
The rain wouldn't stop
Pouring down. no
The clouds. they will always cry
Can't take it anymore
Living in this space between
Time will never make it right
'Cause the sun doesn't rise
Without you
By my side
By my side. without you
What can I do?
You've chosen your place
If this is what you want
Then I will give you your space
But my future feels so dark
Without the one I can't replace
So before you say XO. goodbye
Let me tell you why
The sun doesn't rise without you
The more I hold the night
The rain wouldn't stop
Pouring down. no
The clouds. they will always cry
Can't take it anymore
Living in this space between
- Time will never make it right
- Kitty!
'Cause the sun doesn't rise
Without you by my side
I heard your song.
It's incredible.
I'm so sorry
that it took me so long
to sort myself out.
Covey. I don't want
to stand in the way of your future.
And I don't know
what my future holds. but…
I want it to be with you.
And I couldn't let you go
without telling you that.
Or without saying…
I love you.
You what?
I love you too.
Started in the strangest way
Didn't see it coming
Swept up in your hurricane
Wouldn't give it up for nothing
Now I'm all caught up
In the highs and the lows
It's a shock to my system
I don't wanna run away. so I stayed
My head gets messy when I try to hide…
I don't know what this means
for Min Ho and me.
I don't know what our future holds.
I don't have a plan this time.
But if I've learned anything this year.
it's that sometimes. it's just better
to let go and see what happens.
I like first class.
Mm. Technically. this is business class.
Don't get posh on me. Covey.
It's going to be freezing in Portland.
isn't it?
We'll get you some warm clothes.
I think you would look
really cute in a flannel.
I can't wait to see the city
that made Kitty Song Covey.
Yeah?
Well. if you thought LJ was something.
just wait till you meet my dad.
Oh. I think I've lost my senses
Am I walkin' straight into
A burnin' light?
'Cause I tossed and turned the covers
Tried to make a shape of you
But didn't quite work how I'd like
I'm tryna find you in a crowd again
You were there. then you were gone
Now I'm tracin' all my steps to you
And oh my God
Oh. I think I'm losin' my mind
Over here. over you. every night
Both hands holding on to the wire
Impossible
Fight over here
Without you. every night
Sittin' here with my head on fire
Ooh
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm